org/logtalk/intellij/LogtalkFileType.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.LogtalkFileType
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/PrologFile.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.PrologFile
org/logtalk/intellij/parser/LogtalkParserUtil.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.parser.LogtalkParserUtil
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/impl/LogtalkAtomImpl.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.impl.LogtalkAtomImpl
org/logtalk/intellij/LogtalkFileTypeFactory.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.LogtalkFileTypeFactory
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/impl/LogtalkBasicTermImpl.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.impl.LogtalkBasicTermImpl
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/impl/LogtalkCompoundImpl.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.impl.LogtalkCompoundImpl
org/logtalk/parser/operator/OperatorPosition.java
 org.logtalk.parser.operator.OperatorPosition
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/impl/LogtalkNumberImpl.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.impl.LogtalkNumberImpl
org/logtalk/intellij/editor/formatter/LogtalkBlock.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.editor.formatter.LogtalkBlock
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/LogtalkFile.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.LogtalkFile
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/LogtalkBasicTerm.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.LogtalkBasicTerm
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/decorator/KeywordView.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.decorator.KeywordView
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/helper/LogtalkPsiUtil.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.helper.LogtalkPsiUtil
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/LogtalkBracedBlock.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.LogtalkBracedBlock
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/decorator/SentenceDecorator.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.decorator.SentenceDecorator
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/decorator/AtomDecorator.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.decorator.AtomDecorator
org/logtalk/intellij/editor/ASTNodeHelper.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.editor.ASTNodeHelper
org/logtalk/intellij/editor/LogtalkSyntaxHighlighterFactory.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.editor.LogtalkSyntaxHighlighterFactory
org/logtalk/parser/operator/OperatorSet.java
 org.logtalk.parser.operator.OperatorSet
org/logtalk/parser/ParserUtil.java
 org.logtalk.parser.ParserUtil
org/logtalk/intellij/editor/LogtalkFoldingBuilder.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.editor.LogtalkFoldingBuilder
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/LogtalkSentence.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.LogtalkSentence
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/impl/LogtalkSentenceImpl.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.impl.LogtalkSentenceImpl
org/logtalk/parser/operator/OperatorType.java
 org.logtalk.parser.operator.OperatorType
org/logtalk/intellij/ProjectSettings.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.ProjectSettings
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/impl/LogtalkBracedBlockImpl.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.impl.LogtalkBracedBlockImpl
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/decorator/PsiElementDecorator.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.decorator.PsiElementDecorator
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/LogtalkTokenType.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.LogtalkTokenType
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/LogtalkAtom.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.LogtalkAtom
org/logtalk/intellij/editor/LogtalkSyntaxHighlighter.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.editor.LogtalkSyntaxHighlighter
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/decorator/OperationView.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.decorator.OperationView
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.decorator.OperationView$OperationContext
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/LogtalkTypes.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.LogtalkTypes
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.LogtalkTypes$Factory
org/logtalk/parser/operator/Operator.java
 org.logtalk.parser.operator.Operator
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/impl/LogtalkOperationImpl.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.impl.LogtalkOperationImpl
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/decorator/CompoundDecorator.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.decorator.CompoundDecorator
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/decorator/OperationDecorator.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.decorator.OperationDecorator
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.decorator.OperationDecorator$1
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.decorator.OperationDecorator$OperationPart
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/LogtalkVariable.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.LogtalkVariable
org/logtalk/intellij/LogicParserDefinition.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.LogicParserDefinition
org/logtalk/intellij/PrologLanguage.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.PrologLanguage
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/LogtalkList.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.LogtalkList
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/LogtalkNumber.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.LogtalkNumber
org/logtalk/intellij/LogtalkLexer.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.LogtalkLexer
org/logtalk/intellij/editor/csettings/LogtalkCodeStyleSettingsProvider.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.editor.csettings.LogtalkCodeStyleSettingsProvider
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/decorator/SequenceDecorator.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.decorator.SequenceDecorator
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.decorator.SequenceDecorator$SequenceMembersIterator
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/impl/LogtalkMapNameImpl.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.impl.LogtalkMapNameImpl
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/LogtalkOperation.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.LogtalkOperation
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/Constants.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.Constants
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/impl/LogtalkListImpl.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.impl.LogtalkListImpl
org/logtalk/intellij/editor/usages/LogtalkFindUsagesProvider.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.editor.usages.LogtalkFindUsagesProvider
org/logtalk/intellij/LogtalkLanguage.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.LogtalkLanguage
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/impl/LogtalkTermImpl.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.impl.LogtalkTermImpl
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/LogtalkProperty.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.LogtalkProperty
org/logtalk/intellij/editor/formatter/LogtalkFormattingModelBuilder.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.editor.formatter.LogtalkFormattingModelBuilder
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/impl/LogtalkCompoundNameImpl.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.impl.LogtalkCompoundNameImpl
org/logtalk/intellij/Icons.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.Icons
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/impl/LogtalkVariableImpl.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.impl.LogtalkVariableImpl
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/LogtalkParenthesizedBlock.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.LogtalkParenthesizedBlock
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/decorator/ExtendedPsiView.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.decorator.ExtendedPsiView
org/logtalk/intellij/editor/csettings/LogtalkCodeStyleSettings.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.editor.csettings.LogtalkCodeStyleSettings
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/decorator/ListDecorator.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.decorator.ListDecorator
org/logtalk/parser/operator/OperatorFamily.java
 org.logtalk.parser.operator.OperatorFamily
 org.logtalk.parser.operator.OperatorFamily$1
 org.logtalk.parser.operator.OperatorFamily$Builder
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/LogtalkVisitor.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.LogtalkVisitor
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/LogtalkNamedElement.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.LogtalkNamedElement
org/logtalk/intellij/LogtalkLexerAdapter.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.LogtalkLexerAdapter
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/impl/LogtalkMapTermImpl.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.impl.LogtalkMapTermImpl
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/impl/LogtalkPropertyImpl.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.impl.LogtalkPropertyImpl
org/logtalk/intellij/parser/LogtalkParser.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.parser.LogtalkParser
 org.logtalk.intellij.parser.LogtalkParser$1
org/logtalk/intellij/LogtalkParserDefinition.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.LogtalkParserDefinition
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/impl/LogtalkNamedElementImpl.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.impl.LogtalkNamedElementImpl
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/LogtalkCompoundName.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.LogtalkCompoundName
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/helper/SentenceCorrectness.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.helper.SentenceCorrectness
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/LogtalkCompound.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.LogtalkCompound
org/logtalk/intellij/editor/LogtalkPairedBraceMatcher.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.editor.LogtalkPairedBraceMatcher
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/impl/LogtalkParenthesizedBlockImpl.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.impl.LogtalkParenthesizedBlockImpl
org/logtalk/parser/operator/PrecedenceType.java
 org.logtalk.parser.operator.PrecedenceType
org/logtalk/intellij/PrologParserDefinition.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.PrologParserDefinition
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/LogtalkElementType.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.LogtalkElementType
org/logtalk/intellij/editor/LogtalkAnnotator.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.editor.LogtalkAnnotator
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/LogtalkMapName.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.LogtalkMapName
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/decorator/WrongPsiElementException.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.decorator.WrongPsiElementException
org/logtalk/intellij/editor/LogtalkCommenter.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.editor.LogtalkCommenter
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/decorator/TermDecorator.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.decorator.TermDecorator
org/logtalk/intellij/PrologFileType.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.PrologFileType
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/LogtalkMapTerm.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.LogtalkMapTerm
org/logtalk/intellij/psi/LogtalkTerm.java
 org.logtalk.intellij.psi.LogtalkTerm
